[Music]
when chase had to have here where
with some chips and well when they let me
in since many facilities as it was
activated I very well I'm glad to
hear you I'm glad to hear you the
statement goals set the other day
that a little bit of the story the truth is that
I think that over time they have
created questions for us in the inkwell and the
global data what people wanted to know at
least quite clear ends up
much that I have been comfortable man the
truth is that I did not know how to start this
today was a complicated day for who
knows if I was or I am very blocked and I did
not know if maybe start giving
explanations or leave the explanations
to the end and enter the war
directly but as one does not know
how to guess the preferred take the bull
by the horns and start with the
explanations and I want to
thank you for sharing the live with you
and for sheltering a little and nothing
greater god that is the truth sincerely I
was only listening to you
some more questions crossed my mind to
ask you but it's that you have
been answering them yourself you do not have to
give explanations of your life up
not to everything  the world we go forward you are
not going to count how many times you went down
to the bathroom the day has recognized its
mistake I believe that none of us are perfect
and that all of us in life who do not do
things that we do not have a script and we do not
always do things perfectly there is no
self-criticism has recognized
what you have done wrong and what I am
left with is that I believe that it is what I
tell you portion to gestate days the network of what
people more or less were
feeling disappointed in you was and on
some of the parties would have suffered I
understand that suffering yes they have had to
suffer because things hurt
sometimes of course people basically what they
feared was that it had been played
both ways saying that if you are at
home and you have a good relationship which
is not the case it is the case of a family that
separates like many others and one of
them rebuilds their life there are people from
Olga's environment who have gone according to the
collaborators saying that all are
playing two-sided soccer I think
that is totally denied not because
you have a good
relationship absolutely you know what happens
yes it is true that there is a lot  People
this is like movies when you watch
a movie that's what you like about the
movie is that it has a happy ending right
but not all movies have an
ending
and obviously when people don't know
everything that has happened I wanted to give
explanations precisely to avoid there
being comments in the street
obviously people tend to be
disappointed it is known and that also has to be
accepted and we have to apologize
for that but many times the endings
of movies are not happy those who
sincerely the times that I am with you I have
seen so much chemistry such good
vibes and I sincerely know that he never
asks you directly hey are you
separated
but sincerely I stay with that I mean
in the end what life tells you is not a
Disney story and if you have had to
separate the important thing is that you
get along as best as possible so the only
question that I have to ask you was
simply that deny the fact that it has
not been a two-sided game
even if it is your life of course don't
give us more explanations to anyone you have a
tide behind you that man was there
supporting then a little yes they want to
hear then it has been something that
a city two-sided us she was
clear that the  marriage was broken not
absolutely I felt obliged to
have what I do
n't know if I should call it explanations or not I don't
know but yes that when you feel
indebted to people who support you or will
never let go of your hand many times that
loyalty prevails and that fidelity to
the people to the business they have said no doesn't
talk because they are waiting because they are going to
do an exclusive because they will know
what happens Javi that I already made the decision at the
time to change a little bit of everything
that I have been doing during all
these years and if they showed you my cell phone you
would see that there are people who have
offered me the opportunity to be able to tell
what I am telling today on the channel
because I do not do well why not an
exclusive and have made some
financial gain in fact because in the end right now you
are only on YouTube but
work also comes out and there are people who
say that they have financial need
because you have not wanted to give any
exclusives tive is finished very very
burned out with all the things that have
happened to me you know I have ended up very tired of
all this I have ended up rethinking
many things and I stopped being a puppet
for these people and now the one who makes the
decisions about their life is me with my
successes with my mistakes but I know what I
want to do and what I want to do is
stop marketing with all this
now I find myself at a point in my
life where I rethink a lot of things
and I don't feel like continuing to feed anything,
to express or benefit
financially or anything but I do have
a thorn a thorn stuck because I know
that within that disappointment that you
talk about the people, the people who
support me, my family who have said [ __ ] you
who tell us that what you
're doing see that they are doing
harm on television how is it possible that
you talk on television I mean
when it was Saturday I don't think it was
last Saturday if the Viva la Vida thing
I understand more or less where you can
throw it away I wanted the
sentence to be broadcast not the sentence you're
referring to when he says hey man there's
a sentence of my void dismissal when he
makes a statement enough people in
need account it has happened other times they are
not going to broadcast it live
rigorous of the short there is an hour on
Telecinco where it is prohibited to make a
live connection with the antenna of
which the sun is anything
quickly
with  everything and with that within how I am I have
been quite respectful with them
but they don't want the result
of that lawsuit to be known maybe it's good but you
know what happens is that whoever doesn't know the
result of those sentences people
want it or not and in the end the damage that they have
done to you is not so easy to
repair and I even think that it can
reach one hundred percent irreparable and there are
a lot of people I think more
than 70% who are left with the bad part and
not with the production absolutely
when the damage is done the damage is
done and that's what people are left with
people don't stay with the
entertainment because obviously when you
strike the first blow the first blow is what
remains the second because there are people
who remember it but the fact is chaos
and that's what people are left with
those people who fired me were the same people
who were demanding that I give
explanations and who were hiding
last week I had them home with my
children because they were sick and of course I
couldn't leave the house and I was enduring
the downpour of everything they were
saying about me but really they are so
so contradictory that the same one
they fired saying that he is an
abuser and that is the reason why
we fired him is the same one that we
later put a microphone in front of and
broadcast it on all their programs when they have been
talking about me all
weekend for those statements on Saturday I
also want to clarify one thing to the
people who follow us and that is that not
only was viva la vida it is someone
much more media and the media that
were there were the ones that recorded me there is
a person that I am fond of who
was there who recorded me and later I
asked him for the full recording so I could
broadcast it on the channel so that people
could see that video on my channel where not that
video what I came to say was that I was not
going to give many explanations and that in
case I needed the
explanations I was going to give them on my
YouTube channel anyone who
is watching us
can see the full video of the
recording of that Saturday afternoon
all of that is submitted by viva la vida they
cut it they distort it and edit it to their
liking it was part of the sentence they are
not going to put it in life it is
surely the  order that you say that you
tell me is surely why there is no
firm sentence that
forces them to read the ruling I think that
in Telecinco it is not going to mention that, I mean it
is a labor sentence that in a
labor sentence as I understand it they do
not have to read rulings they do not have to
read the ruling they are not obliged to
read the ruling they are afraid with this
last episode that they gain a little
credibility you know what is
really happening to them that what they do is
noise because they have absolutely
nothing
speculations theories of what they
feed on defamation of the insult
of the slander of the incitement to hatred
and as a premise to destroy everyone
who has shown me their bet has
negotiated with readings that come out or is not
contributed on this occasion an October side
like hey well make the best of this
I have not had for many months now
any kind of relationship with the magazines
readings I have absolutely nothing to
do with any of that
in the same way that I say that the other
person who has been pointed out also
has nothing to do with anything the
agency  that he did it because I already
found out who did it and there's also
a journalist who has made it very
clear that we have absolutely nothing to
do with those photographs but at the
moment 7 said tell us or no no I didn't
realize when I leave the portal I
don't see any photographer but I do
have one thing when I'm walking
a car passes me but I already know who it is
who the photographer was and I know
absolutely everything because even if it seems like it,
one shouldn't be that bad
when they still have friends in this
business after 25 years and that car
followed me received me even to the
office where where I do the live shows
that I do in Madrid I don't do them in
Malaga that's why I haven't given
any explanation at the time being in Malaga
because you don't know that I don't have much control over
this the note has felt betrayed
by the reactions of some people
around him or some colleagues
here at YouTube or former colleagues from
television to feel disappointment you have to
have a relationship or you have to have
something beyond that takes you to not
just be a colleague therefore you can't be
disappointed by people from whom you
expect absolutely nothing I  in short what you're
saying is if you had
behaved more badly with Olga I would have taken a
stand or Connor the tips would have
sat badly with you if you had
behaved badly with Olga I would have
taken a stand at all
in fact tell me if I'm lying what I'm going to
tell you now I never asked you to
support me for anything in fact I've always
said that I'm going to be honest that we have
talked about said love if in something of everything she
contradicts me I think that it has more to
divide the person that when she has to
hit you a stick she gives it to you or some
fight some ear pull no that there is
a lot of talk about Doria's pull
lately in is more divided
that a person who becomes the standard bearer
of a tide when in reality not in the
flag in any way but man you
would understand that yes if she had
unloaded really hard that people
gave support to that woman who is organs
when they already talk about my feelings and
how I was how I felt I have
not asked for the support of the blue tide
towards me the only thing that the blue tide asked of me
is that for me  family won't let go of her
hand if he were here with us
today instead of 5000 there were 20 people who
would have left the show because they felt
unwell this guy thinks he's an
artist true artists are
committed to their audience even if there are
five people in a theater because those five
people have paid money to see you
and you owe it to those five people in the
same way as if there were 5000 you
have a commitment to someone to
someone who admires you or who simply
wants to know what you do or how you do it
to criticize you or to praise you and there's
nothing more important than the commitment
to the people who follow you but there is self
-criticism apologies which is a
means of repairing also when someone
does things wrong but this guy
has no self-criticism whatsoever towards
them people have lied to him boasting that
his play in
Madrid at the Reina Victoria Queen Victoria was a success
and what it is is an absolute
failure and he hides he lies he feels unwell he pretends to have
health problems when he
goes out to party afterwards that is the respect that
Jorge ja has for his audience the ogre
street didn't go over there the work but of
course it was because he had slvame deluxe
at night so you can't miss
one job to go to the other you can't
take say that you're unwell in the
afternoon and at night show up at the
place and with barbara rey notice this
man is what I was telling you no in the end
some people stick with that
lie because he doesn't hold back the
other day when he yelled at your
daughter it seems that your daughter had killed
someone in her family with what he
responded and the only thing he said was
spain ahmed to him in response to what
the reporter was asking him you know
that jorge has put this mountain on your
father his ego was not damaged in such a way
that he says a series of stupid things I don't know if you
heard them all and we're going to see what it
seems I have videos here we're
going to see it let
our audience see it our people who are
on live now and we're going to
comment on the little things if you are able to
press play or forward
but they work the television  for being the granddaughter
of Roco Jurado and the daughter of Roco
Carrasco, don't forget, very bad
for what she has, very bad for what she
has, all her lies have fallen to the
ground in such a way that what she radiates
is obvious, she radiates what he has inside,
which are his insecurities, and he shows them
to the public
trying to belittle a
25-year-old woman and also with
ridiculous and pathetic arguments. a little
later on La Fairy de Roco when she was just
starting out on television and
so on, the front views Pilar Rubio in
a pride parade took the
microphone from Pilar Rubio and passed the
microphone to her but what's it worth, the public
also has it and if you don't
remember Jorge, things that you did at
her age,
congratulations,
congratulations that you're going to present a
program
and become a presenter, presenter, that's
not the kind of classism and
where gossip goes, here it exists, the joke exists.
[Music]
comes on, you
take the microphone away from a woman who
is working, apart from having
made fun of her for her level  of work
for the level she has in the company the
girl is doing her job you
take the microphone away from her
and they require it from you but
that's what you did with
Rocio Flores' age Jorge then the same the
same to me that it's less difficult Rocio
Flores courses you know what happens he said that I
surely don't usually go to the West because of
a face with the glasses and it's obvious he
prepared that video well suddenly
Jorge did that live and I say well
then let's ration the
truth is that I laughed a lot when I saw that
and I
thought it was necessary to put it you know and
Jorge has the power to decide today is
well this person I don't want to
come to work on this program this
collaborator was well we have already
seen it we have not seen that he has had
guests for a long time on
Slvame or on Saturday Deluxe who has
said they don't come anymore they don't come anymore
and there have been collaborators who have said I
don't want to see you again and it has been like
that the only thing that happens is that there have been
people who right now have more
protection than him and they have told him  I'm the one in
charge here and I want her to sit
down because she has supported me and I want her to sit
down and you have to eat it whether or
not she talks about Paloma Garcia Pelayo
herself and why do you think Jorge has
had that power there are no presenters
there on the long resume television
like any other business goes in
cycles and specifically in this last
cycle who has dominated the
Telecinco grid has been the
television factories and that lobby has been the one that has
put Jorge Jan in the place where they
put him and how it has worked well it has
been and the worst of all is that from becoming a
presenter for a
production company he ended up being a
presenter for a company like
Mediaset and he has been allowed so many things
that in the end as he says he has
believed himself to be the owner of the farm besides the
other day he said it I am the presenter
among them of the network he is not anymore the
other day they clicked and they set him
up for Padilla and presenters and
yet they do show her
[ __ ] on the internet
what do you think about the zeal they showed her what she
thinks  that is due is very easy you
know that at the beginning because we have
seen everything at the beginning of the documentary
many journalists did not believe
Roco's testimony right what we did
in the end the bosses since they had bought
a product that had cost them a
fortune they had to make it true yes or yes
at any cost under a
single thought and little anyone who
thought differently was
labeled as a denialist therefore
the thought was single and if you wanted to
work you had to change your speech
of 25 years ago we have been
talking for a long time in fact the first director that
we did together was this interview
that we did not almost a year ago and
still people have not seen again the
warrior Antonio Gali that we have seen on
television programs on
are you still affected if I am touched
yet well I am still not
completely recovered but I do think that I have
made it clear on the channel with
all the videos that I have made that what I am
not going to consent to is them touching my
family and I am not going to go through with it and
defend my daughter until I run out of
breath and mine even if today is not
the day but  that doesn't mean that one is
a professional and that one comes with one's
homework done and that we can offer the
public things that perhaps they haven't seen
that they had forgotten, explore what style
this is from a cut that we have rescued out
there from some statements that
Mara Teresa Campo makes to him and she explains to him
what her father was like, who is often perline,
poor man, he is not resting, in a
documentary that I saw about Jorge
recently, he said that his father would not have
liked to see him on television but of course I did
n't understand help what he meant
when you wish your parents did not get to
see him in their full glory in their full
bloom that he if his father had still been
alive would not have been able to be like this I
was surprised because in the end
this type of people have
always wanted to be famous and they
have criticized the famous people from whom they have
eaten and are more famous
since the famous people and occupy more covers
than the famous people themselves and earn more
money since the famous people on the
covers of the
model on the beach or I laughed a lot
because when I was talking about the comment
no, what I said about my daughter that only  I
knew her from
Instagram filters and all and you told her but have you
seen your body that
olive body of those they sell
and when I saw that cut of yours I say my
colleagues you know what they call this type
of bodies bodies like bros well but it does
n't mean that for example in a
person who is not in shape the worst of
all this you know that it is
really bragging about what you are not and it makes
people see that they want to be something that is
impossible that you are going to do in
your life Jorge Hatillo will go to that clinic
that is really and that you put on whatever they
have to put you on the diets all that that
you say about neighbor with which they are
born or die there is no there is no arrangement
you have so many so many complexes guys that I
have to laugh because when you
speak out in the end what you make it seem is
that you are a guy with an inferiority complex and that you have
led a whole life of
hidden complexes and you bring them to light through
hate I
also do not put myself on their level
criticizing the physical appearance but from
writing it is describing what there is not to me what  it's
surprising that they do it with
such shamelessness dude one day you're a
feminist and the next day a girl is on that plate
making fun of herself in an
instagram photo we're talking about
60 year old people on a plate
getting tired of girls like
Roco Flores and they are groups of
60 year old people making fun of 18 and 25
year old girls and then they are the ones who
laugh at the youtubers you know what the
director of socialite of youtube I know
the video will come to you another day dude and
they had the nerve the other day to
make fun of the youtubers making
like a meme Antonio Davis playing at making
youtube playing television
on youtube and that way out of shape and come on he's
a youtuber who has tried to
raise his head in many years
climbing the names of one and another
talking about youtubers because the ones that have
been talking about youtube not talking about
famous people on tv so you can see how
this works Roco trained for one
of his passions which was food
and he began to work in  a company that
well that sold products of
this type a multinational where she
starts to work where she begins to have
success and the television Slvame got into
that company got into that company
to sink that company and one day my
daughter and my daughter had to leave that
company
return home so of course it's so
easy to say get to work when the
truth is not known because they distort they
manipulate in such a tive way that in the
end you often find yourself without tools
to tell people
what their modus operandi is and it's like
no way you belong to the family in the
world we are not going to allow you to have the
ability to earn a living in any other
way than in the media and when you
are in the media first
we will applaud you and then we will put you in
the meat grinder we will press the
button and we will end up destroying you and you
as a father just like me, I mean you
put yourself in the situation that
your friends or the place that pays you mess
with your children like in cajastur and
allows it you don't see it as possible I mean I think
that a friend of mine is  attacking me or
my son who can love more than a
son but the jury will say okay I
have a video here and I found that I
knew
exactly in an informal conversation with
journalists
and mothers about all the things behind
protect her daughter
[Music]
[Applause]
until she will try in hers well
let's want
this was Roco Jurad defending her
daughter does not know that situation in which
you say for a brother with a cousin or
even with a friend who tells you well
I fight pay I criticize him but do
not touch him that happens a lot these at
hand your position in a bad roll but
also do not allow the people
around you up to here in the way that they
attack because you do not stop politely
let's call it that the mother of my daughter has
said publicly that she has been
very hurt on television and precisely what
she denounced is not capable of
making her friends see that her daughter and
that man should be a little
condescending with his daughter and that he asks
in some way that she is not hurt
so that her daughter does not live the same thing that
she has lived  and the harm that has been done to
her on television according to what she says and
the truth is that I as a father causes me
pain because if they didn't cause me pain
perhaps well I don't know my feelings would be
unnatural or I don't know I don't know how it
would be but what is clear to
me is that what is mine hurts me and when they touch what is
mine obviously I defend it
to the sword and if I have to put 15
in their place I put them because especially
to talk about others one has to
have a very clean back as if one doesn't
have much principle I don't know only
Hernan from insulting Terelu enjoys
Carmen Borrego
Sunday two or three days later he takes them Maria
Teresa Campos takes him and
he goes out to eat and as if she was
used to not having much respect
between family members not defending herself little there
is an uncle only with my daughters I don't
take him to feed him barbacoa
all money and paper comes out to which the subsidiary and
something that rewards above all the values
that they may have instilled in you at home
that comes first money and then everything
else deserves a trio from Javier de Hoy
which is now the live socialite
okay taking a look at their networks
three or four years ago or even
later I criticized Slvame saying that it
was a trashy program in other
words no and I criticized the characters
that were interviewed the save the money
powerful gentleman you see you working
from five sometime tomorrow I'm going to
answer that question it's
half past twelve it's late let's let people
rest we have missed here a rum
cola a ronco we have already been 23 the
promised debt tomorrow we continue with
the live
[Music]